README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh)

# Ember-cli-pull-to-refresh

A simple pull-to-refresh component for wrapping Ember CLI components.

## Usage

This component is meant to wrap the content being refreshed:

```hbs
{{#pull-to-refresh
  refresh='refresh'
  threshold=50
  refreshing=refreshing
}}
  {{loading-component}}
  <div>
    {{content-component model=model}}
  </div>
{{/pull-to-refresh}}
```

When the user drags the `pull-to-refresh` component down past the `threshold`
(default 50 pixels), the component sends a `refresh` action and enters the
`refreshing` state. Your route can handle this action, fetch data from the server,
then set the controller's `refreshing` property to `false` to reset to the default
state. That's pretty much it!

No default styling is provided yet. The following default styles are recommended:

```sass
// position: relative or position: absolute
// is required for the pull-down animation
.pull-to-refresh-parent
  position: relative

  .pull-to-refresh-child
    position: relative

  // Replace .loading-component with your
  // loading component's class name
  & .loading-component
    visibility: hidden
    height: 0

  // When pull-to-refresh is in the "refreshing" state,
  // it has a .refreshing class
  &.refreshing .loading-component
    visibility: visible
    height: rem-calc(50)
```

## Installation

* `git clone` this repository
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

## Running

* `ember server`
* Visit your app at http://localhost:4200.

## Running Tests

* `npm test` (Runs `ember try:testall` to test your addon against multiple Ember versions)
* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [http://www.ember-cli.com/](http://www.ember-cli.com/).

Commit message:

add note about mouse events

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/davidgoli/ember-cli-pull-to-refresh)

# Ember-cli-pull-to-refresh

A simple pull-to-refresh component for wrapping Ember CLI components.

## Usage

This component is meant to wrap the content being refreshed:

```hbs
{{#pull-to-refresh
  refresh='refresh'
  threshold=50
  refreshing=refreshing
}}
  {{loading-component}}
  <div>
    {{content-component model=model}}
  </div>
{{/pull-to-refresh}}
```

When the user drags the `pull-to-refresh` component down past the `threshold`
(default 50 pixels), the component sends a `refresh` action and enters the
`refreshing` state. Your route can handle this action, fetch data from the server,
then set the controller's `refreshing` property to `false` to reset to the default
state. That's pretty much it!

Both mobile `touch` events and desktop-browser `mouse` events are supported.

No default styling is provided yet. The following default styles are recommended:

```sass
// position: relative or position: absolute
// is required for the pull-down animation
.pull-to-refresh-parent
  position: relative

  .pull-to-refresh-child
    position: relative

  // Replace .loading-component with your
  // loading component's class name
  & .loading-component
    visibility: hidden
    height: 0

  // When pull-to-refresh is in the "refreshing" state,
  // it has a .refreshing class
  &.refreshing .loading-component
    visibility: visible
    height: rem-calc(50)
```

## Installation

* `git clone` this repository
* `npm install`
* `bower install`

## Running

* `ember server`
* Visit your app at http://localhost:4200.

## Running Tests

* `npm test` (Runs `ember try:testall` to test your addon against multiple Ember versions)
* `ember test`
* `ember test --server`

## Building

* `ember build`

For more information on using ember-cli, visit [http://www.ember-cli.com/](http://www.ember-cli.com/).
